[MUSIC]
>> Nina Zakharenko: So git status is
saying that I have an untracked file.
That means this is a file that git knows
nothing about, it's never seen it before
and you can't do any sort of version
control if git doesn't know about it.
So the command to add this file to your
git repository is pretty straightforward.
Just called git add.
So that's-
>> Speaker 2: There's a question.
Did you actually just create that file?
>> Nina Zakharenko: I
did.
>> Speaker 2: He was wondering.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So you guys
create one of your own.
>> Speaker 3: So, what was the command?
Git add, and then the filename?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Do you have a file?
>> Speaker 3: No, I don't have
a file yet.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay.
So go ahead and create that file
in the directory called pull-requests.
>> Speaker 2: Open the folder, and then-
>> Speaker 3: How do you create the file?
>> Speaker 2: [CROSSTALK] Use a text
editor.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah.
[CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 2: Open
notepad and then type in-
>> Speaker 3: How do you open Explorer?
>> Speaker 2: He's helping him.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So, again,
git knows that ninaz.txt is
not part of the repository.
So I'm gonna type git and
then add, and the name of the file.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I'm in the matrix,
you guys.
>> Nina Zakharenko: It's all black and
green.
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, so,
have you guys added your
name file to the repository?
So, again, we're gonna be running this
command after almost everything we do.
We're gonna say, git, give me your status.
And it's changed.
It's like,
we have some changes to be committed, and
now it knows that we have a new file.
So there are two steps in making sure
that all your files are version control.
The first one is doing this, this git add.
And what this does is tells git that
there's a new file in the staging area.
And the staging area is
kinda like a preview.
So what's gonna happen
when I do the next step?
And if I make a new file right now,
let's just say
>> Nina Zakharenko: And I do a git status.
Git will say, I have a new file,
but I also have an untracked file.
So, when I do the next command, the next
action, it's only, it's called a commit.
It's only going to be taken on
the files that git is aware of.
So, not the untracked files.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
the next step is to do a git commit,
which goes ahead and
actually puts it in a place where
git knows that it can pull it back
if you want to look at it later.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
the way that we usually do a git
commit is by providing a message.
So I'll be using the -m flag here and
two quotes.
And we're gonna put our message inside.
>> Speaker 2: Is there
a way you can move that up a little bit?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Sure.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So when I commit this,
git's gonna give me a message.
It's gonna say one file has changed and
one insertion.
Now, when I do my git status again,
I only see my untracked file.
And for now, just for example,
I'm going to remove that file.
I could just do that in the finder.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Boom, that's gone.
So if I run git status again,
that file is gone and git is happy.
But we have a new message here.
Git is saying that my branch is
ahead of master by one commit.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So, in this case,
origin master is GitHub.
That's kind of our grand authority.
And git is saying that we have local
changes that GitHub does not know about.
So in order to push up
our changes to GitHub,
we're gonna type one last command, and
that is git push origin and master.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Does anyone have any
questions?
>> Nina Zakharenko: I know this
is a lot of information to chew on.
>> Speaker 2: I would make notice
that yours is pull request dash one, and
everyone else is going to be pull request.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yes.
Sorry about that, guys.
I did a little bit of a test before.
>> Speaker 3: So it asks for
user name
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yes,
put in your GitHub user name,
and your GitHub password.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay.
>> Speaker 4: I hit Enter
just get commit with no message.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay.
>> Speaker 4: And
it's-
>> Speaker 2: Now.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] escape.
>> Speaker 4: Totally
lost.
>> Speaker 2: Hit colon
>> Speaker 2: And then the queue.
Then hit Enter.
>> Speaker 4: No write since the last
change.
>> Speaker 2: [CROSSTALK]
>> Nina Zakharenko: Is anyone not at this
point?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, so
the next step, and
this one is super important as some of you
guys have to pat yourselves on the back
cuz this is your first git command.
Serious.
Okay.
So, after we did our git push,
our changes are now
synchronized with GitHub.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Do we want to wait and
kinda let everyone catch up?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: People online are kind of,
I think, behind.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Definitely.
I'll go ahead and wait a few minutes.
Does anyone have questions
about any of this?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yes?
>> Speaker 3: So we've just updated my
branch.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: That I forked on my GitHub.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah, and
the reason this is happening is because
maybe Brian thinks your changes suck.
And he doesn't want them to
be part of his repository.
That means that he's in
ultimate control of what could
goes into his own repository.
You can do whatever you want with your
copy, but he doesn't have to accept it
back in to his code.
>> Speaker 2: And
you can go make your own projects.
You can call, you can fork something and
make it into something new.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Actually, one project that I
created, which was a little jQuery plugin,
someone forked it and
then made it super popular.
So, the fork actually has 500 stars or
whatever.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: But my main repository that,
his was forked from, his is actually
the more active and maintained.
And so, you can fork something and
make it your own.
And then it can get popular from there,
too.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah,
it doesn't ever have to be put back
with the branch that it was forked
from.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
It kind of go its own way.